I'll tell you what kids these days I
respectful Garnett your elders they
won't even come over 1 at 0 2 fouled and
give these dice they deserve swaggins on
their face yellow seeing a monkey ride
on a pig's back hammer that's how you
know it's Church day ever man I once
woke up in the morning with a whole can
of beer in my book well dang huh how'd
that happen it was a bet I want you know
what a baby suckles on its mothers teat
I'm angel grows into an ass right let's
big dog damn lot to angels out a strong
shovel first into a water main man that
water starts popping straight up out of
the earth ain't got me right in the
crops hole and that's how I invented the
bday you what the Vietnamese have in
common with a wrangle tanks the internet
when I was growing up my friends call me
Harker why they call you Hawkeye cuz
it's calling the three votes and a fill
it down tree into a hawk's nest right on
my I got a Hawks too extreme I yeah
that's a weird day I would have named
you accident-prone no haha
oh man you have I have sex with a woman
Neil man they say verizon has the best
wireless coverage in all of America but
guess what I found out look you need a
cell phone know if you spell Hitler
backwards is it spells litmus that can't
be right order pizza and get it and the
cheese's all move to the Sun yeah
happens every time I old her from the
pizza cheese are killed man